I'm dock your air McArthur at Portland
chiropractic neurology and this is my
tough another training video I swear
buddy push through that he'll keep that
front knee from going forward nice work
it where it could work going
you
nice pace
at the side that treadmill goes he can't
overemphasize the importance of
stretching and warming up before and
after your exercises it's something that
may not be seen on these videos is the
fact that we did that for you know at
least four or five minutes before and
after your workout that allows you to
protect your muscles ligaments tendons
joints from possible strands brain
injuries you get drink a lot of water
before and after these exercises and
keep continually stretch and that's
before and after but also when you wake
up in the morning in the evening midday
whatever it might be stretching keeps
your muscles active and proprioceptive
meaning they're they're transferring
information at appropriate rates to the
nervous system into the brain and so
appropriate measures can be taken if you
you know bend a joint too far the
opposite side muscles
I spot nice work buddy keep going
getting ready for the tough mudder
underneath the barbed wire you got it
pushed through pursue spiking use your
legs there it is come on driving to the
ground good work at work cocktails the
time in the tough mudder pushing it on
the stair mill speed intervals don't
work the core come on here we are
approaching the top of Shawnee peak
getting close lots of snow still got on
my 16 pound test it a little more
interesting trying to keep up with my
weight in my brothers the tough mudder a
little better shape than me they still
love it they wait for me at the top I
just use the weighted vest to have an
excuse to be last but it's all worth it
and eat up here's gorgeous
drive your hips forward good
there it is stay right there work your
legs and your arms good job on your
breathing legless Lucas 10 miles of this
on the tough mudder all uphill Oh God
ten seconds I think the tough mudder to
train for because it was a great way to
get me into better physical condition
and shape sometimes you know you get
complacent with your workouts and in
your attitude towards health and you
just need something to jumpstart CH and
for me it was a tough mudder I saw this
some friends got me to do agree to do
this and I thought it was a great idea
at first I was a little daunting but
after bit I agreed that it was a great
way to do it have a fantastic trainer
Jason be at world's gym training me a
couple days a week and the rest of the
time I trained myself along with my
friends we're also training with each
other having a great time in the best
shape I've been in since I was in high
school probably and looking forward to
really left that one looking forward to
doing a great job in this race